Remove suggestion of 100% ingestion from Trace Explorer index file (#14192)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_explorer/_index.md

#### Ingestion

> Control your volume globally with [Datadog Agent configuration options][8] or set fine-grained [ingestion rules][9] per service instrumented with Datadog APM.

Reviewer: Let's also get rid of the idiom while we're updating this line. :)
```suggestion
Control your volume globally with [Datadog Agent configuration options][8] or set precise [ingestion rules][9] per service instrumented with Datadog APM.
```
